♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pup-A-Doodle-Doo."
♪ Do the Pup-Pup Boogie ♪
-Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh.
-♪ Shake it, move it ♪
-Way to boogie, Marshall.
-♪ Show 'em what you got ♪
♪ Do the Pup-Pup Boogie ♪
-♪ Shimmy, groovy ♪
-[clucking]
-[beeping]
-♪ Pup-Pup Boogie ♪
-[quacks]
-♪ Can't get enough ♪
[Skye]
Hey, what's Chickaletta doing in here?
She's doing the Cluck-Cluck Boogie.
[chuckles] Careful.
Here comes the hard part.
And spin!
Look out, Chicky!
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa!
[grunts]
[clucks]
[quacks]
[game beeping]
Whoa! Chickaletta's a great dancer!
Has anybody seen my-- [gasps]
Chickaletta! Why did you run off?
You know we have a big day.
[clucks]
Hello, Adventure Bay is doing an episode
on me and my purse chicken.
The TV show? Are you nervous?
[laughs]
No way.
Chickaletta will talk about city history,
and I'll cluck happily.
[both laugh]
This is Adventure Bay's first mayor,
my great-grandfather, Grover Goodway.
[gasps] Oh my.
Grover's pants are filthy.
I will not be seen
with a statue with dirty pants.
[clucks]
As Chickaletta and I were saying…
Chickaletta?
[clucks]
[gasps]
[clucking] Where are you?
My itty-bitty chicky has flown the coop!
Well, handbag, actually.
[barking]
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello. Ryder, here.
Ryder! My precious purse chicken
has disappeared.
Don't worry, Mayor.
The PAW Patrol will find Chickaletta.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
[snoring]
-[beeps]
-[gasps]
-[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us.
Just one more tail spin.
Whoa!
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Okay, PAW Patrol,
we have an emergency at City Hall.
Mayor Goodway was doing an interview
for Hello, Adventure Bay,
when Chickaletta ran away.
-Poor little chicky.
-We've got to find her.
Chase, I need you and your net
in case we need to catch her.
Chase is on the case.
Marshall, I need you and your ladder
in case Chickaletta
has gotten up somewhere high.
Ready for a ruff-ruff rescue!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
♪ Chase! ♪
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
- ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blares]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
Chickaletta!
[clucks]
Oh, Ryder, you're here!
Don't worry, Mayor.
PAW Patrol is on the case.
Chase just needs
to get Chickaletta's scent.
-Where does she like to hang out?
-Um, she's a purse chicken.
She was always in my purse.
[sniffing]
[Chase] Okay, I've got her scent…
and a big feather.
[sneezes]
Huh?
I've got this.
[grunts]
[both grunt]
-[chuckles]
-She went this way!
[clucks]
[seagull squawks]
[clucking]
[coos]
[clucks]
[clucking]
That's Chickaletta!
-Marshall, get your ladder.
-Ruff-ruff rescue!
Ladder up. [barks]
[clucks]
Chickaletta!
Good news, Mayor. We found her.
I knew you wouldn't let me down.
Where is she?
She's up there.
[clucking]
[screams] You have to get her down!
She can't eat pizza!
Hi, Chickaletta.
I'm just going to help you get down.
[clucks]
Whoa! Whoa!
Careful,
-Chickaletta!
-[clucking]
Chickaletta! Come back!
[grunting]
I'm good.
[tires squeal]
Follow that chicken!
[siren blaring]
[moos]
[clucking]
-[vehicles approaching]
-[moos]
Okay, she's around here someplace.
There she is! And there she is.
And there. Hmm.
Here, Chicka-Chickaletta.
[Marshall clucking]
[all clucking]
Whoa! No!
Ha! Birds really do like him.
[laughs]
[barks]
Listen up, chickens.
If you normally live in a purse,
please step forward.
[Goodway] Chickaletta!
Oh, dear, there's
a gazillion chickens here.
But Chickaletta wears
a little ankle bracelet.
Mayor, don't open the gate.
-Huh?
-Whoa!
Oh no! They're getting out!
-[clucking]
-[moos]
The bracelet. There's Chickaletta!
[clucks]
[moos]
Follow that cow!
Chase, use your net
to round up the chickens.
I'll get Bettina and Chickaletta.
I got it, Ryder. [barks]
[barks]
I got one!
And you got me!
[laughs]
-[seagulls squawking]
-[Chickaletta clucks]
[clucks]
[vehicle approaching]
There she is.
Careful, my precious.
[siren blaring]
[tires squeal]
Marshall, we need your ladder.
No need for ladders.
Come on, Chickaletta. Come to mama.
I got you!
Chase, your net!
[barks]
Whoa!
I've got you, Mayor.
[clucking]
Oh no! Chickaletta can't swim.
-[beeps]
-Zuma, meet me down at the bay.
Let's dive in!
[clucks]
[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy.
Hang on, Chicky! [barks]
Perfect, Zuma!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
You're welcome, Mayor Goodway.
Whenever there's trouble,
just yelp for help!
Sorry we spoiled your TV show.
Spoiled? It was great!
Action, comedy, drama.
And you can never rescue
too many chickens.
I'm not so sure about that.
[sneezes]
You were super good pups today.
Who wants to watch
Hello, Adventure Bay?
I want to see myself!
-[all cheering]
-I do, please!
[beeps]
-I'm just gonna help you get down.
-There's a gazillion chickens here!
[cheering]
Whoa!
-Hang on, chicky!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
[howls]
-♪ And you saved the day ♪
-Ryder, watching ourselves is so much fun.
Why can't all our adventures be on TV?
You never know, Marshall.
[laughs]
[theme music playing]